Browser Agent v1.270.3 Release Notes (#19147)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/new-relic-browser-release-notes/browser-agent-release-notes/browser-agent-v1.270.3.mdx

---
subject: Browser agent
releaseDate: "2024-10-31"
version: 1.270.3
features: []
bugs: ["Ensure all lazy loaded modules issue warning instead of errors"]
security: []
---

## v1.270.3

### Bug fixes

#### Ensure all lazy loaded modules issue warning instead of errors

> Lazy loaded modules that are blocked from loading by third party tools such as adblocking mechanisms will issue a warning to console instead of throwing an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lazy loaded modules that are blocked from loading by third-party tools (such as ad blocking mechanisms) will issue a warning to console instead of throwing an error.
```
